# Steam achievements to Google Tasks list
Converts your clunky Steam achievements to csv files usable in [Google Tasks Import](https://import-tasks.appspot.com).


## Requirements
* [Your Steam account's ID](http://steamcommunity.com). <<< ELABORATE
* [A Steam web API dev key](http://steamcommunity.com/dev/apikey). You can get it using any URL, it seems, so don't worry about needing your own domain or anything.
* [Requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/), a better HTTP module. This is not required if you aren't useing the source code, of course.


## Instructions
So you want to start using this thing but can't/don't want to go through the entire source code just to learn how. Here's how you do it!


### Downloads, keys, and such
1. First off, you're gonna need to either download the executable version or clone the repository. If you're not sure which one, I recommend the former: downloading the executable version. <<< COMPILE EXECUTABLE, ADD LINK
2. You'll also need to get a [Steam web API dev key](http://steamcommunity.com/dev/apikey). To get one, simply click the link in the last sentence, enter any URL when you're asked to, and claim your key.
3. You need to find your Steam ID. I recommend using steaminfo.db for that. <<< ELABORATE
4. Lastly, make sure to authorise [Google Tasks Import](https://import-tasks.appspot.com).


### Setup
1. Before you begin, you'll need to edit steam.json file, which contains all the info you'll feed send to the Steam service. You can open the file up with any text editor. Notepad will do just fine if you don't have anything more sophisticated. In the file, you should find the text "steamid": "private", "key": "secret", ... Replace the "private" with your Steam ID and replace the "secret" with your dev key. Note that you must keep the quotation marks!
2. Now that the steam.json is properly set up, you can run the application! Do so, and you should be asked to create an apps.json file. This file contains a list of every game you have on your account. Go ahead and enter 'y' to accept and you'll download said list. Now you're all set for working with the application.


### Usage
Now that you've set up the application, let's get familiar with the feature set!
1. Quit - this will exit the application.
2. Open importer - this opens the importer in a new tab in your default web browser
3. Get games - this generates a new apps.json file, overwriting your previous one.
4. Set app - this sets which application you're currently working with. The one you select here is the one affected by all following actions.
5. Get achievements - makes a list of all achievements for the currently selected app. The results are placed in the responses folder.
6. Tag - this adds tags to the currently selected app.
7. Export - this exports a list used in the Google Tasks Importer.


#### Using Set app
This action will ask you to choose one of your applications found in the apps.json file, so that you can work with it further. To do so, you'll need to input the full name of the game with proper cpaitalisation. If you own the game Hammerwatch and want to work with it, you'll have to input exactly "Hammerwatch", for example. "hammerwatch", "Hammer", or "Hamerwatch" will not work.


#### Using Get achievements
Getting the achievements for a game requires you to first use set app. After that, you can simply run this command to generate your list of achievements, which will be placed in the responses folder.


#### Using Tag
Tagging games is for the moment required to export a list. After getting the achievement list for a game, you'll need to make a json file containing all tags you wish to use in the tags folder. An example tag file should be included with the application and you should follow its format. Each field in a tag file should contain information such as what's found in the achievements list generated by Get achievements. You can include any of that information, but no more. For example, you can add Bosses: {"apiname": "boss"} to tag all achievmeents with "boss" in their apiname with "Bosses". I do realise that this is an awful explanation so you'll just have to learn by examples and trial and error.


## Todo
This section lists things I will or want to add/change in the script.
* Automatic tagging: automatically generate tags based on the most commonly used words in the apinames of the achievements for a game.
* Allow exporting without tagging.
* Customisation of folder names because hard-coding is stupid.
* Remove the app IDs from filenames because that's irrelevant to both user and programmer.